# WHAT-S-THE-MOST-IMPORTANT-COMPUTER-SECURITY-TECHNOLOGY-OR-STRATEGY-
WHAT'S THE MOST IMPORTANT COMPUTER SECURITY TECHNOLOGY OR STRATEGY?
WHAT'S THE MOST IMPORTANT COMPUTER SECURITY TECHNOLOGY OR STRATEGY?


1, A brief look on computer attacks.
2, Information encryption through cryptographic by using blockchain as decentralized computer.

There are various forms of attacks on human through the computer and these have generated a lot of concern toward the future of the game of civilization because these attacks are technically carried out by most players that their standing might be drifting from other player or just for the seeking of fun (that is, most players carry out attacks on computer just for the happiness they derive from doing it). There are many forms of attacks but I would only two about the social engineering attack and phishing because they are the most attacks on human. Social engineering is an attack that relies on human interaction to trick users into breaking security procedures to gain sensitive information that is typically protected. While, Phishing is a form of social engineering where fraudulent email or text messages that resemble those from reputable or known sources are sent. Often random attacks, the intent of these messages is to steal sensitive data, such as credit card or login information.
Information encryption through cryptographic by using blockchain as decentralized computer:
Ethereum and Bitcoin are synthesized by cryptographic protocols and massive redundancy among players who agree on the blockchain message order. The need for more advanced cryptography methods is needed for full data security and protection because most of the ciphers and algorithms used in the early days of cryptography have been deciphered, making them useless for data protection. Today’s algorithms can be deciphered, but it would require years and sometimes decades deciphering the meaning of just one message. Thus, the race to create newer and more advanced cryptography techniques continues. It would only disclose its detection when pre-agreed tripwires suggesting illegal activity are triggered. That is, before a player or group of players plans to carry out a dangerous and harmful attack, the system would automatically create awareness or notify other players and possibly if the shield detects such dangerous activity, its robotic enforcement arm prevents the rogue node from engaging in hostile actions. The shield’s multipolar deployment, by which many nodes watch both relevant activity and each other, avoids allowing dangerous activity outside and within the fabric to reach a threatening level. For instance, using Public Key Cryptography, or asymmetric cryptography to secure a particular activity in the game, it uses two keys to encrypt data. One is used for encryption, while the other key can decrypts the message that is, if one key is used to encrypt, that same key cannot decrypt the message, rather the other key shall be used. Imagine a scenario whereby the case of Russia and Ukraine invasion was originally secured with a public key held by the united nation and each of the countries in question. And for any of them to carry out any harmful or dangerous attack they must get an approval by the united nation because they are holding the other key for the attack to be successfully carried out. In this sense, since the both can’t attack each other because of non approval from the UNO they would surely resolve to dialogue in finding solution on how to cooperate and coexist.
Also, if this kind of system is put in place, it would be difficult for any player or group of players to carry out dangerous attacks without proper checks from another players but the big question is, how long and how trustworthy will these system and players be? For the fact the human vulnerability would probably set in at a time, thereby making a player to divulge information that is very sensitive to another player.  However, this is the point we should talk about how the system should be in their game towards civilization. I would propose few criteria for the players that would engage effectively, efficiently and transparently in the system. They are;
1,  The players must be from culture, value and religion.
2,	There must be proper gender inclusion.
3,	The players must be un-biased.
4,  The players must be non align to any activities that is outside the scope of the system. 
5,  The players must be dedicated and selfless just like the military in their activities toward protecting the future of the game.




